# Barefoot Pirates - Level 1 Distribution

During the Barefoot Parrot migration in July 2022, we created 500 new Barefoot Pirate NFTs. We distributed 400 of these Pirates pro-rata to our Barefoot Royalty token holders, based on a points system for their tokens held levels 2 through 5.

As part of the legacy Barefoot Royalty model, Level 1 tokens were slated to receive "5% Of the IP Opportunities" available to the total Royalty token holders.

To honor this allotment with the Barefoot Pirates, we are randomly selecting 20 Level 1 token holders that were not already including in the initial 400 Pirate allocation.

## The Process

A snapshot was taken on July 6, 2022 @ 4pm EST (Ethereum block: [15090980](https://etherscan.io/blok/15090980)) of all the holders of the Barefoot Parrots Island tokens (Contract: [0x7d4a9ab145577ca2fd2810a08db1442c7bffea59](https://etherscan.io/address/0x7d4a9ab145577ca2fd2810a08db1442c7bffea59)).

With this snapshot, we calculated the distribution for the Barefoot Pirates based on the process described [here](https://barefootparrots.substack.com/p/the-barefoot-parrots-migration). We took the remaining royalty token holders (holders that only have level 1 tokens, and no other royalty tokens) and put their wallet address in a list for each token they held.

We then sorted that list alphabetically, to get a deterministic starting point for our shuffle.

We encoded that list of wallets as JSON and hashed it to create our provenance hash, and requested a random number via our random number request contract on polygon.

Once the Chainlink VRF returned a random number for our request, we used that number as a seed to execute a Mersenne Twister shuffle on the list of wallets. The resulting randomly shuffled list of wallets represents the entry order for the distribution of the 20 Barefoot Pirates.

With that random list in hand, we select the first wallet (position 0 in the list) and award it a Pirate. Then, we remove that wallet from the list, and repeat the selection and filter process to distribute the remaining 19 pirates to a total of 20 unique wallets.

## The Proof

Below, you'll find all the data points required to verify each step of the process outlined above.

| - | - |
| --- | --- |
| **Random Seed Hash:** | `5d813ab04948c7ce6c01513397aebf2f6b046d6e635942f3338ed76d2bc818a0` |
| **VRF Request:** | [`0x06ec8d6605e68150acc9545b6ffac80745b793808c3b27c4d9c01ed1348a54c2`](https://polygonscan.com/tx/0x06ec8d6605e68150acc9545b6ffac80745b793808c3b27c4d9c01ed1348a54c2) |
| **VRF Response:** | [`0x6184a35fe2c0543e75d6fcc8734648ef708a6f0a3471275cb269dfd44698ce10`](https://polygonscan.com/tx/0x6184a35fe2c0543e75d6fcc8734648ef708a6f0a3471275cb269dfd44698ce10#eventlog) |
| **VRF Result:** | `80572404419258087704428174944711744603548489373709266269127290293286314577539` |

**Random Seed Hash**
The random seed hash is generated by taking a keccak256 hash of the [level-1-wallets.txt](#) file, which contains a JSON encoded list of the alphabeticaly ordered wallet entries.

**VRF Request**
The random seed hash is sent off to the [VRF Contract](https://polygonscan.com/token/0xb0897686c545045afc77cf20ec7a532e3120e0f1?a=0x3d2341adb2d31f1c5530cdc622016af293177ae0), shown here: [0x06ec8d6605e68150acc9545b6ffac80745b793808c3b27c4d9c01ed1348a54c2](https://polygonscan.com/tx/0x06ec8d6605e68150acc9545b6ffac80745b793808c3b27c4d9c01ed1348a54c2)

**VRF Result**
The resulting randomness is fed into the Mersenne Twister algorithm, and the shuffle is executed.
